guys it is she back again with another
man 25 ultimate team video and as you
probably know the ghost content was
released today and I decide to open up
some packs for you guys I have five in
this video and the first card we get is
a Trent Williams and sorry for the late
upload but um it was pretty hard for me
to make a video today I was pretty busy
so yeah we didn't get anything really
good at first pack that Tony Scheffler
so for like okay so I didn't really get
anything off of that pack and you can
see I am pretty high on coins i got
about i started with about 140 k and i
did go down a little bit after the tack
opening but that is all right because
the ghost content is out and there's
always it's a better chance to get stuff
now so out of this pack we've gotten
asante samuel odds are gold card and
other than that we didn't really get
anything and we go on to the third one
you can see I in part of buying these
all with coins because I don't want to
spend money on this so Jeremy Maclin is
our cover face card not really what we
want and we decided to just go slow we
get those nice rams jerseys we get a
bronze card we go back around get a
bruce arians a Matt Hasselbeck and
nothing out of this pack as you can
probably tell so earlier in the day
right when the ghost content was
released I did pick up a Walter Payton
for like 40 k and now I I was really
scared cuz he kept on going down and
down in price but now he's back up at 80
and I was stupid I sold them at 55 at
fifty thousand coins so I could have
made a lot more off of him I couldn't
make 40k off him but I was really scared
that I was going to lose coin so I sold
them really quick so and look at what we
get we finally get a promo collectible
the holiday present day one and I was
waiting that's all I wanted basically
and we actually get an extra little gift
out of this pack you can see that our
card right here is a nick fairley
next-gen we get the run stuff and I
ended up selling him for about eight
thousand coins so that was a pretty good
pack if you ask me we picked up the
collectible finally which I had been
hoping for and
it's probably gonna be pretty hard to
get all the collectibles so what I ended
up doing is sending that in that sending
that into the collection to do the day
one out of position player collection
like a lot of other people have been
doing I thought I was I thought I had a
chance to get like a Walter Payton or
something why not try it most of the
cards are going for at least five
thousand anyway so I figured like why
not I don't I don't want to have to
spend all this money on packs just to
get every single 12 collectible so yes
so you can see we finish the collection
right there and we do have our reward
pack that Jersey sold but yeah
congratulations on completing your
collection you can see right there so we
end up going into this pack right here
hoping for some kind of car that sells
for over 20 k and you'll see what we get
we get a punter Ben Roethlisberger I
don't really think many people are going
to use this card it's pretty bad and I
mean if you do if your kind of guy fake
punts a lot then I guess it's pretty
good you probably have some decent
throwing stats but I ended up sending
home for about nine thousand so I kind
of I made the money back and more off of
that pack so yeah I made two packs worth
off those two cars and Nick Fairley and
the other one so i will we decided to
open up one more pack we got a anthony
fasano we keep on going get a Jarrett
Boykin waiting for our gold card and I'm
really scared go the other way and look
what we get in Cherry rights 80 overall
rookie and I was flipping out niners
game is going on right now it's at
halftime and I thought I was in the
money for a cheery rice 99 but no
obviously we got trolled so guys that is
it for the video at the end you can see
right here I go into the prices of the
two cards that I got that revolve pretty
valuable I end up selling some other
silver so I'm back up at 125 k right now
so stay tuned for maybe another pack
opening tomorrow and I will be trying to
get some coast cards so guys that is it
for the video I hope you enjoyed stay
tuned for the giveaway with which will
be coming soon so that is it hope you
enjoyed it is sge num out